Update memory ordering encodings (#67)
WebAssembly/shared-everything-threads: proposals/shared-everything-threads/Overview.md

#### Memory orderings

Just as the multi-memory proposal uses bit 6 of the `memarg` on memory access instructions to
signify that a memory index follows, we reserve bit 5 to signify that an ordering immediate follows.
For backward compatibility, if bit 5 is not set, the instruction uses `seqcst` ordering for all
loads and stores it executes. If a memory index immediate is also present, the ordering immediate
follows it.

Ordering immediates are encoded as `u8`s. Read-modify-write operations require two orderings: one
for the read and one for the write. For RMWs, the low four bits of the `u8` encode the read ordering
and the high four bits encode the write ordering. For other atomic operations, the low four bits
encode the ordering and the high four bits must be 0.

| ordering  | encoding |
|-----------|----------|
| `seqcst`  | `0b0000` |
| `acqrel`  | `0b0001` |

Reads with the `acqrel` ordering are acquire reads and writes with the `acqrel` ordering are release

> writes. Fences with the `acqrel` ordering a full acquire-release fences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
writes. Fences with the `acqrel` ordering are full acquire-release fences.
```

> Note: We may want to add separate `acquire` and `release` orderings to express weaker fences.

RMW operations take two ordering immediates, but these immediates must match, i.e. an RMW op can
only have two `seqcst` orderings or two `acqrel` orderings. This restriction may be relaxed in the
future.

> Note: We may also want to give cmpxchg a third ordering, since some compilation schemes are able
> to give its read different orderings depending on whether it succeeds or fails.

The new instructions below do not have memarg immediates because they do not operate on memories, so
they unconditionally take `u8` ordering immediates. `atomic.fence` already has a reserved zero byte

> immediate, which we now interpret as a `u8` ordering immediate, allowing us to express `acquire`,
> `release`, and `acquire-release` fences as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
immediate, which we now interpret as a `u8` ordering immediate, allowing us to express fences
with different orderings as well.
```
